# Self_Assessment

## Self-Assessment
My primary role on the project was database manager. This means I was responsible for uploading data to the database, creating a connection string to interface the database with the rest of the project, and joining tables using SQL. I also authored the content for the “Info” page of the website. Aside from database management I made myself available to help others and provided feedback on works in progress. I assisted other roles mostly through open communication and evaluation. As we entered the second week of the project, I found myself slipping behind schedule. Mostly due to inexperience in the planning of the project. This led to doubling up on tasks instead of focusing on the things I knew would be challenging, such as joining tables in SQL. It created a short delay in the work but after obtaining some assistance, the work was back on track.

## Team Assessment
The team worked very well together, for the most part. The communication protocol was more than adequate, allowing leeway for delayed responses when we were working individually. We had regular progress meetings that kept everyone aware of what others were working on, as well. The one challenge was based on communication problems caused by the stress of the deadline. Other team members offered support and some positive thinking, which helped alleviate the pressure. 
The team was very well balanced, in terms of skills and abilities and everyone gave good effort to project tasks. Although, I must give credit where it is due, as Corrine handled website development single-handedly. Lauren has an eye for visualization and built fantastic tables in Tableau. She also kept very good tabs on the deliverables for each segment, as she helped Darcy with her project management duties. Darcy was a good leader that didn’t get in the way and provided excellent guidance for the duration of the project. Jessica put together a complex machine learning model, even if it wasn’t very accurate.

## Project Summary
Using crime data for Kansas City for the year 2009 and comprehensive list of serial killer birthdays, we analyzed the zodiac signs in search of a correlation between crime and the zodiac sign/season. Logistic regression was the focal machine model used for the project, as other models were not easily shaped for the data. Results of the analysis were inconclusive. Not only was the model inaccurate, no correlation became apparent from the analysis.
